_Meeting was skipped due to multiple participants having conflicts. Here's the update which was posted into Slack by each member._

**VOVA**

- Removed old serde code from syft.js and added more unit tests
- Improved the way tf.js is included in syft.js
- In progress: Worker API
- Trying to figure out implementation details of the Model in PySyft/PyGrid and worker API: how it should be serialized, stored, loaded, and trained

**MARK**

- I’ve been mainly stuck experimenting and trying to find out how to fit the background APIs of iOS to fit the syft client use case. I’ve documented my findings here: https://github.com/OpenMined/SwiftSyft/issues/36#issuecomment-584588615).
- I’m finding it incredibly difficult to fit iOS 12 background APIs into the syft client. Their (background push and app refresh) set-up is on the application side (configuration and app only classes). They also only call an application only hook which is out of the scope of the library (it’s a method called on an application side class).
- I’ve messaged Christian Keller (PyTorch) on Slack asking if I can get in touch with their iOS guy who’s going to do Federated Learning. I just want to ask if they’re still going through with iOS 12 support, how they plan to get around the limitations or maybe how they limited their use case for it to work on iOS 12.
- The iOS 13 Background Task Scheduler isn’t perfect either as you can’t really specify what time it’s going to run or how long — only the earliest time a task can run and under what conditions (battery and network required). But it’s a lot better than the iOS 12 APIs.

**JOSE**

- Done setting up the infrastructure for jvm protobuf stuff
- The result library can now be used in any JVM project
- I'll continue with Protobuf on the KoltinSyft side.

**VARUN**

- I was working on scaffolding the worker API and its nearing its end. There are few unit tests to be written and then it will be good to go. I havent yet implemented the http endpoints but since the deserialization of responses are similar without the type it boils down to adding the retrofit endpoints. Additionally, I dont know how the model config data will look like so I just kept a dummy class for that.
- I also created the basic structure for job and syft worker. The charging, etc will be dealt in another issue.
- This week, I'll be adding unit tests, downloading files over http (I don't know if websocket streaming api allows big file downloads with status updates etc), and staging work on Job API

**MIKE**

-

**MADDIE**

- Working on flushing out specs for protocols based on https://github.com/OpenMined/PySyft/issues/3008
- Meeting scheduled tomorrow should lead to a detailed RFC

**KARL**

- Chipping away at the "hooking PyTorch in a way that doesn’t make the JIT barf" issue from all sides. Trying to better understand why it doesn’t already work, digging into the existing Torch hooking code (and finding clean-up to do), discussing and prototyping alternate approaches to re-build from the ground up. It’s slow going, but it does seem like we’re making steady progress.

**PATRICK**

-
