**MIKE**

- Last week was about moving all translation stuff to PyGrid, so we don't need to worry about bundle size
- Added the logic in the Javascript library to PyGrid to ensure we can appropriately translate plans there
- Mostly working on putting everything in PySyft for now
- Will work on a Python test suite

**VOVA**

- Last week working on plan translation change to Torchscript
- Created 3 PR's to show the complete workflow rom PySyft to PyGrid to the worker
- Also looking into sending a dictionary into a plan instead of a list of arguments or tensors. This would make it easier to send model params.

**MADDIE**

- Last week worked on HSA and RSA version of JWT for PyGrid, merged!
- Need to hook up all the variables in the server_config
- Need to also hook up SQL alchemy as well

**VARUN**

- FL on Android is over, but not able to send the diff. Minor problems with serialization.
- Looking to create another diff plan to send back
- PyTorch has issues with mean and sum functions, it's a confirmed problem with PyTorch, and we're waiting to hear back
- Working on the plots for showing loss and accuracy rate, same as Javascript

**MARK**

- Fixed Bug: Running the torchscript file from PyGrid returned vectors with NaNs or Inf
- After several days, I figured out that the model params vectors were being deallocated while the model was training resulting in intermittent results of vectors with NaNs. It happened because creating pointer classes from Swift arrays can result in undefined behavior due to not owning the memory. Solution was to manually allocate memory for each model param, copy the contents to that piece of memory and then free them only after training ended.
- Working on moving over training code from my sample project to SwiftSyft.
- Fixing build error with Libtorch in Cocoapods. There’s some quirks with using C++ library as a dependency to another library in Cocoapods as opposed to being used directly in an iOS project. I think I only encountered this now because I’ve been using LibTorch in the main project for experimenting rather than in SwiftSyft library. Need to ask help from the Cocoapods team for this.
- I need help for a new release for syft-proto with the swift stubs. Previous release had duplicate placeholder.swift file, possibly from moving the placeholder.proto file to a different folder: https://github.com/OpenMined/syft-proto/pull/83
- I’ll add a new pull request soon in syft-proto with a podspec file to use for releasing in Cocoapods.
