# Weekly Meeting Log: 09/04/2020

## Adam Hall

<b>This Week: </b>  
- Created Roadmaps (Sec&ID, COVID SSI)
- Messed around with iis-demo and Opus to work out our implementation plan
- Drew out diagrams for Plan B implementation (Flows 1 & 2)
- Joined the Sovrin technology and community workgroups
- Began collating educational materials around SSI

<b>Next week: </b>
- Draw out diagrams for Flows 3, 4, 5, and 6
- Draw out diagrams for mechanism which establishes underlying governance layer in our Aries eco-system (who is the governance authority? who can run an Opus Server? How do we know which PKI pairs we can trust?)
- Expand upon documentation in current roadmaps.

## Afzal Hussain

<b>This Week: </b>  
- Compared some well-known incident response models, for instance, NIST, ISO, SANS etc. and tried to figure out a incident respond model steps which will suitable for OM stack.<BR>

<b>Next week: </b>
- I'm going to elaborate all steps in detail according to GDPR rules which will easy to use and adoptable for OM.

## Tom Farrand

<b>This Week: </b>  


- Getting my head round the ToIP stack and running the Streetcred demos.
- Building the initial scaffolding for the SSI container that will sit alongside Opus (the private identity server)
- Today I’ll be adding a load of issues to Github around how we can start implementing the Proof of Account Ownership stuff using Streetcred.<BR>

<b>Next week: </b>

- Add a load of remaining issues to Opus surrounding Proof of Data and Proof of Service, so that we can start implementing those.
- Working with Will to do some writing


## Will Abramson

<b>This Week: </b>  


- Been exploring the IIW demo

<b>Next week: </b>

- Plan to work on a proposal with Tom for creating a Flat Pack Governance Authority which I plan to submit to the Covid19Credentials initative and try to form a subgroup around realising the proposal

## Julian Sprung

<b>This Week: </b>  

- An extremely busy week with developments at start-up <a href="https://www.genesiscloud.com/">  (Genisis Cloud)</a>.

<b>Next week: </b>

- Needing to prioritise <a href="https://www.genesiscloud.com/"> Genisis Cloud</a> for the time being.

## Pavlos Papadopolous

<b>This Week: </b>  

- Making some aries-cloudagent-python demos to work in an Ubuntu VM (without much success) but had better luck in MacOS.

<b>Next week: </b>

-  explore and use the API calls from the simple demo but also a part from our <a href="https://github.com/OpenMined/aries-fl">aries-fl PoC </a> outside of a terminal window, using simple curl commands.

## Deepanshu Setia

<b>This Week: </b>  

- Was working on Covid alert app and help setup it with some bugs fix verifications.

- Explored streetcred API (private identity server), tried to run basic demo.

<b>Next week: </b>

-  Setup Aries python demo on my system too

## Tom Titcombe

<b>This Week: </b>  

- Merged PR with privacy attack notebook

- Finished blog post on privacy attack (model inversion)

- Started discussion with writing team to get it reviewed/published

<b>Next week: </b>

- Continue with blog post. Try to get it published

- Get up to speed with SSI work and help out with Plan B

## Abhishek Singh

<b>This Week: </b>  

- SafePaths project (no free cycles)

<b>Next week: </b>

- SafePaths project (no free cycles)
